docs: add breaking changes warning for session replay options to changelog (#4672)
getsentry/sentry-cocoa: CHANGELOG.md

## 8.43.0

> [!WARNING]

> > This release contains breaking changes, as the options for Session Replay have been moved from `options.experimental.sessionReplay` to `options.sessionReplay`.

Reviewer: `l`: A bit cleaner IMO as it clearly points out that it's only about SR.
```suggestion
> This release contains a breaking change for the previously experimental session replay options. We moved the options from Session from `options.experimental.sessionReplay` to `options.sessionReplay`.
```
